ICU-22723 Update PR template help text for next version's ticket numbers (#2962)
unicode-org/icu: .github/pull_request_template.md

<!--
Thank you for your pull request!

* General info on contributing: please see https://github.com/unicode-org/icu/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md
* Ticket numbers for minor changes: for minor changes (ex: docs typos), you can reuse one of the open catch-all tickets for our next release
  - ICU 76 ticket: docs minor fixes: typos/etc./version updates / User Guide & API docs: ICU-22722
  - ICU 76 ticket: code warnings/version updates: ICU-22721

> * Contributors license agreement (CLA): 
>   You will be automatically asked to sign the CLA before the PR is accepted.
>   - sign: https://cla-assistant.io/unicode-org/icu
>   - license: http://www.unicode.org/copyright.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Contributors license agreement (CLA): 
  You will be automatically asked to sign the CLA before the PR is accepted.
  To sign the CLA: https://cla-assistant.io/unicode-org/icu

  For terms of use and license, see https://www.unicode.org/terms_of_use.html
```
